Update arguments for `cloudflared tunnel run` (#9783)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-apps/install-and-setup/tunnel-guide/local/local-management/arguments.md

## `edge-ip-version`

| Syntax                  | Default | Environment Variable     |
| ----------------------- | ------- | ------------------------ |
| `edge-ip-version value` | `auto`  | `TUNNEL_EDGE_IP_VERSION` |

Specifies the IP address version (IPv4 or IPv6) used to establish a connection between `cloudflared` and the Cloudflare global network. Available values are `auto`, `4`, and `6`.

The value `auto` relies on the host operating system to determine which IP version to select. The first IP version returned from the DNS resolution of the region lookup will be used as the primary set. In dual IPv6 and IPv4 network setups, `cloudflared` will separate the IP versions into two address sets that will be used to fallback in connectivity failure scenarios.

## `edge-bind-address`

| Syntax                    | Environment Variable       |
| ------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| `edge-bind-address value` | `TUNNEL_EDGE_BIND_ADDRESS` |

Specifies the outgoing IP address used to establish a connection between `cloudflared` and the Cloudflare global network.

> By default, `cloudflared` lets the operating system decide which IP address to use. This option is useful if you have multiple network interfaces available and you want to prefer a specific interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `cloudflared` lets the operating system decide which IP address to use. This option is useful if you have multiple network interfaces available and want to prefer a specific interface.
```

> If specified, this option will override `edge-ip-version` as it does not make sense to connect to an IPv6 destination from an IPv4 source address or vice versa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IP version of `edge-bind-address` will override [`edge-ip-version`](#edge-ip-version) (if provided). For example, if you enter an IPv6 source address, `cloudflared` will always connect to an IPv6 destination.
```
